welcome to the poor man's gourmet
kitchen where we share gourmet recipes
and a little bit wonder now check this
out in a hot pan we'll start out with
some oil we'll add our shallots and for
about five minutes we'll saute until
they turn a nice golden brown
this is going to add a flavor to the
beans and you want to use pinto beans
and this Sun Vista makes a very nice
soft tender flavorful pinto bean for
being in cheese burritos don't strain it
at all the juice unless you want to get
rid of the sodium that is but make sure
if you strain it that you replace the
same amount of water then add some
enchilada sauce
and stir
you want to bring it to a boil and
slowly reduce the beans we want to get
rid of the liquid but we want to end use
the flavor until it looks like this
still plenty of liquid but mostly beans
now let's talk about tortillas here on
the Left you've got your typical
store-bought tortilla which is fine I
use them all the time but here on the
right
I bought these from the Mexican market
up here and there are thinner doughy or
larger tortilla especially made for
restaurant style burritos now we'll just
take one of those here on the center of
our plate and starting with our Mexican
blend of cheese
we'll start loading our bean and cheese
burrito it's good to start right here in
the middle because our hop gains will
begin to melt in we're going to play two
ladles full of beans just like that
rolling is easy just tuck in the sides
pull the back flap over the center and
pull it tight as you roll forward no big
deal just make sure it's nice and snug
now along with our bean and cheese
burrito we're going to add some
traditional Spanish rice which I have a
recipe for as well if you'd like now
right over the top of the burrito we're
going to add some of that enchilada
sauce and go very light with it
or it will add too much the bowl flavor
and then layer again with more cheese
now I'll take that straight to the oven
under a high royal only needs about a
minute in there to melt that cheese
and then when you pull it out it looks
just like this
unlike any Mexican restaurant if you're
going to get served up being a cheese
burrito with a side salad and there you
have it
bean and cheese burrito right here in
the poor man's gourmet kitchen thank you
for watching and be sure to stop by poor
man's gourmet kitchen com for more
recipes and exact ingredients